# website
Static Bootstrap 4 site generated by Jekyll

## Local Development
* [Install Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/)
* Install any new ruby packages via `bundle install`
* Dependencies: `gem install --user-install html-proofer`
* Preview changes with `jekyll serve` at http://localhost:4000

## Making Updates
Modify content pages and push commit. Changes to `master` branch will automatically
be deployed to the live server (in about 60s) unless a `skip` keyword is included in
commit message, e.g. 

```
Update README

[skip ci] 
```

### News
The news list is a simple [markdown block](_includes/news.md).

### Projects
Add projects to the `_projects` directory.

Specify the following metatags in header:
* `layout: project`
* `title:` [title]
* `image:` "/img/projects/[filename]"
* `priority:` [int]

The body is markdown-enabled description of the project.  
Images should be 3:2 ratio, ideally 510px * 340px.

### Team Members
Add team members to the `_team` directory. Move similarly formated entries into the `_alumni` directory as applicable.

Specify the following metatags in header:
* `firstname:` [firstname]
* `lastname:` [lastname]
* `priority:` [int]
* `title:` [title]
* `affiliation:` [department/school]
* `website:` [url]
* `image:` "/img/team/[filename]"

Images should be square, ideally 450px * 450px.  
Team member display is sorted first by priority, then by last name.

### Publications
Add/update BibTeX file as `/_pubs/wise.bib`

Supports following custom fields:
- `link`: URL to external ref, replaces `url` field. Displayed as hyperlink [(Link)](#)
- `pdf`: URL to PDF file. Displayed as hyperlink [(PDF)](#)
- `award`: Award mention, outputs as red text towards end of entry

**NOTE:**
Tilde characters (~) in the `pdf` or `link` field must be escaped by `\%7E`
